I'm here live and direct at first look
at Amsterdam representing def jam def
jam entertainment def jam rapstar the
game 4 millimeter and Konami next not a
bro code it my bodyguard define go kid
well the game is it's one hundred
percent hip-hop it's the first hip-hop
game that ever came or comes on the
market it's about hip hop it's about you
so there's no avatar something like that
you perform yourself and it's about the
community the online community because
this game is I taking it to the next
level well actually you can play the
game you can be your favorite artist
sharpen your skills uploaded on a Def
Jam community and maybe get a record
deal or be discovered as a net def jam
rapstar 40 tracks make that's going to
be on the game and in the UK and in
Germany and France it got like ten
national tracks and Netherlands
hopefully it's going to come like that
we have some Dutch em touch em cães or
Dutch videos on it right now it's like
it's going to be released a German
version with ten Jeremy nums mcs or
groups and friends with 10 likes f you i
don't know like if you if you familiar
with some of the somebody's guys who keg
out Tinie Tempah and whatever but you
got all your American artists you got
like 0 squad is like run DMC Rob pasty
jay z rock salt and pepper biz markie
slick rick then you got your new young
young jeezy's jay-z NAS Ludacris name it
everybody cuz it's gonna be like this is
like with it with the package comes like
the game is 40 tracks and it's a
microphone with the game and then like
every month there's gonna be more
content on the website on Def Jam
Rapstar calm but you can get where you
can download new tracks every month so
it's unlimited can I can fill it up like
the way you want it if you're old
squared you choose the old-school tracks
if you like the new stuff on the South
gonna take the South stuff like so it's
unlimited but what's really important is
like that def jam rapstar take it to the
next level with the community it just
says you don't stay in the game it's
like behind the whole thing is like what
you can actually do like when you
perform your favorite artist all you
perform a free stock when you got your
camera on xbox on
on the PlayStation you can actually
create your own video and this video can
be uploaded on Def Jam Rapstar calm and
you can actually battle people all
around the world with your version of
gold digger or with your freestyle and
hopefully def jam going to find the next
reps also from a game you might be
discovered to be the next rep store and
get a record contract so this is totally
new this like next-level stuff that
hasn't been been here before of course
you can do like a solo all you do a
battle where you actually like battle
your opponent or your partner and it's
duet for example if you try to be ja
Rule and your girlfriend is gonna be
Brianna so you can perform it with her
together and she's going to be a judge
on her pitch on the pitch like how she's
gonna sing whatever it is you know or
and how good are you at the rapper well
good your rap skills on so it's really
important it's not a karaoke you can't
just hum you really have to know the
Lord you have to have to flow and the
timing to really like get a high score
can do a duet like for example like
method man and redman one players Method
Man the other one is Redmond so actually
you got to perform the artist part but
you can also go line for line but that
will be the battle mode it's at the end
of the day it's a it's a hip-hop game
it's more like shopping your skills and
it's about fun also it's not like your
regular game like where you can all kind
of features what a special tool like you
got them the Freestyle motors we're
actually we get exclusive beats by kanye
west just blaze cool and Dre so actually
like you can perform or you can do your
freestyles on your favorite producers
and all those tracks that it's gonna be
on Def Jam Rapstar our exclusive they're
only on the game so you can't get the
instrumental somewhere outside
it really says is the fifth of October
this week upcoming on the Xbox box for
the ps3 and the v2